Neal Sáles-Griffin: Point for this, and then, so you know, I'll be
Neal Sáles-Griffin: video offer part of it. I've gotta walk to the Oakland office from where I'm at and like, receive them like furniture, and like supplies and stuff to prepare for all these folks to come through next week.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I'm getting all that ready?
Nisreen Hasib: Where's the Oakland office?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's do you? I don't know how. Well you know Oakland. But you know Lake Merritt.
yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. So it's like downtown Oakland, right like across the way from Lake Merritt. You can like see it. We've got like a nice little group talk and see the lake. It's pretty nice.
Nisreen Hasib: Exactly college location.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, yeah, it's a good spot. You know, there's it's it's actually funny, like they're they're gonna learn this in the tour next week, but it used to be a mall like a shopping mall. So it's like a weird place. You have to take this long escalator up when you walk in like, it's pretty but it's really an interesting lots of space. So if you're in the bay, you got a place to work.
Nisreen Hasib: Amazing. I mean New York to, I mean, since headquarters are moving to New York, I need there to be like a New York Central office, cause I'm can't be on, and we works and it's not the vibe.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes, that's right. So let's see, I am gonna make
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Sophie and Chloe co-host.
Jeremy Banning: And then I'm gonna PIN the screen or spotlight. You all right. So now you're in the spotlight.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But everyone. Good morning.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Texas. Oakland crew is here, and you're going to meet one of our very best and favorite founders in the 3.
It's my pleasure to introduce her, because
Neal Sáles-Griffin:  Liliana is unfortunately out sick this morning. But that being, said, she and I had a chance to work with Nastreen in our Chicago class. Is that that was a year ago?
Nisreen Hasib: Yeah, it's been a year. Yeah, so
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think the reason we ask the screen to do this. She's done it before, but I think you've made even more progress since, and I think you made some updates to what you presented last time to our Bay Area founders. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we had so many breakthrough moments in the first half of program, Missrerina and I.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: He was like the number one Boxer champion in the early days she was hit me up every day. He was like, I'm gonna get the staff to be done, stuff down and get it right. And she ended up like changing a lot about her business in real time very quickly, and I think that has started to bear fruit.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we are super grateful for Nasrina. Give us the time and do the prep work required to like help you all out, and then you a hand and
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah, I hope that. you know, if there's anything more that we can do to support in a screen. I'm sure you'll
Neal Sáles-Griffin: have some time at the end. This ring. Let us know more about the business in any ways. This group can, you know, be supportive to you. So let's welcome the stream.
Nisreen Hasib: Awesome, sweet. Well, one question that I have has program started because, Neil, you mentioned
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that folks are going to be checking out the new office next week. So is this week, 0 or week one. This is week negative one.
Nisreen Hasib: So you know, we started program 2 weeks early before we do the in person stuff. So they did. Orientation last week, and I did my 3 jobs to be done lectures.
Nisreen Hasib: And then Liliana did her. W. 3 yesterday.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, so you're at the you're the capstone for all of that that content?
Nisreen Hasib: Oh, my, gosh, the pressure on okay. Sweet. Awesome. So, guys, I'm gonna go ahead and share my screen.
Nisreen Hasib: 1 s here.
Nisreen Hasib: right?
Nisreen Hasib: Okay, let me know if you can see my screen.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, we can see.
Nisreen Hasib: Sweet. Okay, great.
Nisreen Hasib: So
Nisreen Hasib: super excited for you guys to go on this tech start journey. I'm gonna go ahead and start with an overview of me and what I've done before starting my company. Sign off
Nisreen Hasib: and then we'll go ahead and dig into the journey that I went through before tech stars during tech stars. And now after tech stars. So you know, for folks who have seen this talk before. This is definitely change quite a bit. I think
Nisreen Hasib: the thing that I really want to offer you all is just how
Nisreen Hasib: jobs to be done.
Nisreen Hasib: It's in as part of your startup journey as part of your founder journey. Because one of the things that I know to be true is that when you are a founder, even if you're a second time founder, you know, like me, it's really easy, you know, to kind of like zone in on one thing, and I think a big thing for me is that there is no silver bullet to making your company get up half legs and potentially take off.
So
Nisreen Hasib: with that. I'm missing.
Nisreen Hasib: Before I founded sign off. I was a labored employment attorney, and very much expected to be an attorney for the rest of my career.
Nisreen Hasib: But then, very early on determined that that was not something that I wanted to do. So. About 10 years ago I stopped practicing and jump ship to become a product manager and a Chicago based company called Power Notes. I was there for about 3 years. Initially as the first product manager hire, I got the product from 0 to one. And then I took over business development.
Nisreen Hasib: The product was an educational and a tech product that was sold into different universities. And we started with 14, and then grew that network to over 200. By the time I left.
Nisreen Hasib: After that I moved back to the East coast, where I'd gone to undergrad, and I became the chief operating officer of unbound, which was the first venture backed Sexual Wellness company in the world.
Nisreen Hasib: I was there for 4 years, and took it from a subscription box to a true direct consumer company that operated and sold domestically to having an international presence. And then finally, before I started sign off, I was the CEO of another New York based company called Doris Dev with offices in New York and Hong Kong. We did 2 things. We were the company that's responsible for
Nisreen Hasib: making a lot of consumer brands that are marketed toward millennials agency. But and also we acquired and incubated software companies as well as different brands, consumer goods, brands. And then the software companies that we acquired and incubated had to do with the supply chain
Nisreen Hasib: and manufacturing. So I've done a couple of things. Before starting final.
Nisreen Hasib: Some other context. You know, in addition to the stuff that I've done professionally.
Nisreen Hasib: I run a lot. I'm a distance runner, and I also read and write a lot. So
Nisreen Hasib: when I
Nisreen Hasib: make analogies, you know, whenever I'm talking about just being on this journey of founding or running a company that are probably gonna be some Marathon analogies.
Nisreen Hasib: But I think the more important thing for me at least, and how I look at the world it really is by looking for stories that bring people together. Using the stories identify common threads. And then, you know, using imagination to see how we can get from point A to point. B,
okay.
Nisreen Hasib: So I founded sign off. I'm gonna go ahead and take you through the journey of the initial conception of sign off
Nisreen Hasib: what I came to. Text starts with
Nisreen Hasib: what I left Texas with and
where I am now. Before I get into that, I do want to give context on where I was when I first started signing up.
Nisreen Hasib: So I started my company in September of 2022, and then I got into tech Stars in February of 2023. So the company was really young. It was about 5 months old at that point.
Nisreen Hasib: I'm also still a founder. And techstars, was the very first investor into my company outside of friends and family.
Nisreen Hasib: So I wanted to give this context because some of the things that I talked through in this
Nisreen Hasib: presentation, they might be more or less applicable, depending on the stage. That your company is in depending on whether you have co-founders.
Nisreen Hasib: and of course, you know, depending on, like the specific business goals that you have with your company as you go through the 12 or 13 weeks at tech stars.
Nisreen Hasib: So quick overview of what sign off does sign off is in the prop text space were used by architects to hire vetted and qualified general contractors for their client projects.
Nisreen Hasib: So what we do right now is very different from
Nisreen Hasib: where I started.
and
Nisreen Hasib: getting to where sign-off is now really required understanding the stories of the people who engaged with
Nisreen Hasib: the platform, whether that was directly or indirectly so, it was really incumbent on me.
Nisreen Hasib: and this is something that I always said before starting sign off, but I feel it even more now. It is so important for anyone who's building a product
Nisreen Hasib: for anyone or building a company that interacts with the human world, which is all companies
Nisreen Hasib: to really understand the stories that drive the people who are interacting with your company.
Nisreen Hasib: So we're gonna go through
Nisreen Hasib: about a 2 year, timeline. I'm gonna go ahead and take you through the initial impetus for sign off.
Nisreen Hasib: I'm going to take you through the first launch of the product. We're gonna go through the text stars.
Nisreen Hasib: a real launch a loss which stung and then eventually the 0 to one journey.
Nisreen Hasib: Alright. So
Nisreen Hasib: january 2022. I was still working outdoor stab as the CEO. For me it was very much a layover job.
Nisreen Hasib: I was in a position where I either wanted to be the CEO of a company that I saw getting enough scale to eventually go public or hit, you know, major acquisition, or you know, I was telling folks. If I think I have a good idea, you know, I'll go ahead and maybe start something, so I did not think that I was going to start anything
Nisreen Hasib: but in 2021 I ended up buying house in the Catskills in New York. It was a fixer, upper
Nisreen Hasib: and I was super excited, you know, about the project.
Nisreen Hasib: and ended up hiring. You know contractor can work on it. Things went well until things didn't go well.
Nisreen Hasib: and the thing that I always say is that you know, when my scary lawyer voice comes out, it's really not good for anyone involved. And unfortunately, in that instance it did come out. Fortunately, the contraction project finished.
Nisreen Hasib: But I think a lot of people were very emotionally exhausted at that point.
Nisreen Hasib: So the specific problem that I experience with this renovation and some of the other renovations that I was doing in the area where that's you know, this contractor would come into the project. They had a particular budget. I had set plans for the renovation. And then, somehow, things would go over budget and over time. And I would always end up in this situation of like.
Nisreen Hasib: he said. She said.
Nisreen Hasib: There's like no paper trail, you know, documenting everything that we've agreed on, and the lack of paper trail was particularly egregious. If we were looking at changes to the renovation plans that would go from not just like $500 to $1,000, but maybe like $2,000 to $5,000, because that's a significant amount of money.
Nisreen Hasib: So
Nisreen Hasib: I was just like, alright. I need a way to manage my renovations and to keep everything just in one place.
Nisreen Hasib: in September of 2022 ended up building
Nisreen Hasib: an initial platform that did precisely that. And I focus specifically on what are called change orders. So change orders the document that's used in construction to do exactly what it sounds like.
Nisreen Hasib: If you know the initial plans call for a particular stamp to be used in the kitchen, and that that needs to be switched out. The best practice is to document this in a document called a change order that the homeowner or other client eventually signs off on. When you get into commercial construction these documents can be a lot more complicated, and they also look like a new contracts, but for residents. Construction, which is what I was focused on, you know, like change orders tended to be pretty simple.
Nisreen Hasib: So the reason this is point that I found with general contractors is, you know, they were small businesses. They were not necessarily like technically proficient.
Nisreen Hasib: and a lot of the solutions in the market right required people to kind of be at a computer or download an app in order to generate these paper trails and these change orders. And I came up with a way to create a change order at the click of a button through. You know, text which was, you know, what contractors use on a regular basis. No matter if you tried to get them to email, you, you know, or use some other piece of technology, they would always default to text. I was just like, Okay.
Nisreen Hasib: you know, let's let's go ahead. Take advantage of like how they actually communicate and use that to create the paper trail.
Nisreen Hasib: So I start working on this full time in September of 2022,
Nisreen Hasib: and then by October, you know, I had people that I knew like architects and general contractors who kind of knew I was working on this project, and they said, You know, like we wanna go ahead and use it. So about 6 weeks after I started building it. I had 40 people who, you know, like
Nisreen Hasib: started to use the product which was super exciting. They were using it for free. But you know, like, when you get your first users, that's always like something that's just like, well, this thing is now live and I'm super excited by that.
Nisreen Hasib: So this is just like a quick breakdown of the problem that I identified in the solution that I created with that first iteration of the product and at the time the company was not called sign off, it was called Basel.
Nisreen Hasib: so fast forward to February 2023, and I started to charge for this platform, so I got the first customer. They were a contractor in Chicago, and they were paying me 110
dollars per month.
Nisreen Hasib: February was also when I got into tech stars and there was certain things that were popping up that I didn't like.
Nisreen Hasib: So as a reminder like my very, very first job in tech was at an edtech company that sold an enterprise product to universities.
Nisreen Hasib: So one of the things I did not like about my product. And where it was was that the sales cycle was pretty long for $110 per month, right like, you know, that gets to just over a thousand dollars, you know, per year.
And I was just kind of like.
Nisreen Hasib: I don't know, like the 20 the 20 days with that very first customer I got like that was someone who is technically proficient. And I saw that sales cycle getting even longer, you know, with people
Nisreen Hasib: that were less technically proficient. And I was just like any sales cycle. Why, I'm looking at, you know, like 30 to 40 days has to have enterprise numbers to really justify the time that I'm putting in, and that eventually, like a sales team would put into like selling this product.
But then, like the other thing that disturbed me, was okay. I made the sale.
Nisreen Hasib: We have recurring revenue which we love. Rry. Use that to pave the way with investors.
Nisreen Hasib: But the second problem that I was seeing was like, Okay, I got the credit card info. Everything's like in stripe. They have their account set up. But then there's like no action taken in the platform after sale.
Nisreen Hasib: The reason why I didn't like that 70% of general contractors in the United States are small businesses, and you know small businesses. When things get tight they get caught. And if you're a subscription service that's used by a small business.
You don't
Nisreen Hasib: really want to like not be delivering value from month to month, because that means you're gonna get cut. And if no one's using you. Despite the fact that you know it's like nudging, and you know, doing all the things to try to get them to use this platform. That means you're probably going to get cut when they remember that you're there. So I didn't like that.
Nisreen Hasib: So you know, like, when I kind of look back on that period of time, the
Nisreen Hasib: when I look at that initial period from September through the beginning of Texas.
Nisreen Hasib: I really think, if that is like the time when I was experiencing main character syndrome, because I've come up with a solution I wanted.
Nisreen Hasib: you know, for my specific problem, and then, like my friends, and like the community, or just like Oh, just remarks like, you know, so cool, but like queries of whether or not that was something that was
Nisreen Hasib: sustainable and actually solved a problem that consistently appeared, you know, in my target customer group
Nisreen Hasib: so fast forward into March beginning of tech stars.
Nisreen Hasib:  one of the great things about being a super young company is, I had a lot of flexibility, and so
Nisreen Hasib: I went in and I remember right before I began techstars. It was during the interview process.
Nisreen Hasib:  There was like a point at which, you know I like, did my panel interview, and then, like there was one on one with Neil
Nisreen Hasib: and I remember talking to him, and I remember thinking like Screw, I'm just gonna be straight up and honest about like the skill which I wanna hit with like any company
Nisreen Hasib: that I started and like.
Nisreen Hasib: I sent him an email, although it's just kind of like, I'm not trying to make millions. I'm trying to make like billions with my company like. And so I'm looking for a strategic partner, IE. Like you and the Techsource team to like help me lay a foundation to get there.
Nisreen Hasib: And so going into textiles
Nisreen Hasib: like there were a couple of things that I know I wanted to do first
Nisreen Hasib: was to make sure that I had identified the record problem. Second was to ensure I identified the right
customers.
Nisreen Hasib: and then was that I wanted to be sure that I identified the right story line
Nisreen Hasib: for those customers that I was targeting with the solution that I had, and I was really open to the idea that the initial product that I built might be a product I have to throw away
Nisreen Hasib: and for me this was just part of the iterative, you know. Process.
Nisreen Hasib: Did I spend, like, you know, a lot of time building the thing and then distributing the thing. Yes. but if it wasn't going to scale, then it wasn't going to be the thing that I was going to work on. So this is just a quick overview of
Nisreen Hasib: how I perceive my customers going into tech stars. And I
Nisreen Hasib: felt that I done a really great job doing my homework cause. I felt that I got pretty specific. And they're just like, Okay, I'm selling into general contractors who are in the residential space. They do whole home remodels, 10 or fewer employees. They use some kind of like software to run their business, and they talk together system
Nisreen Hasib: to run their businesses. I was just like, Yeah, I know who I'm selling like. right Duh, like, you know, I just need to figure out why they aren't
Nisreen Hasib: taking the faith
Nisreen Hasib: and using the product the way that they're supposed to, because I understand them
there.
Nisreen Hasib:  So
Nisreen Hasib: again, like going through the Pyxar's program. these are like the kind of 5
Nisreen Hasib: steps I identified, and I was very much. You just stuck on step one determine who my customers were.
Nisreen Hasib: But then I was just like, you know, let's just maybe assume I don't know who they are.
Nisreen Hasib: and, like, you know, really, really question that. So that is, when I started to really dig into jobs be done
Nisreen Hasib: better. So
Nisreen Hasib: you know, when I started with like jobs to be done, you do have to start somewhere,
Nisreen Hasib: you know like, because there are groups of you have to at least identify initial group of people that you want to sit down and talk with
Nisreen Hasib: and so in order to to do that, I decided that I was going to go ahead and start talking with general contractors and homeowners, where the initial, like users of the product that I built.
Nisreen Hasib:  But the key thing for me was not necessarily like locking into what I thought they wanted, based off of the initial research that I'd done.
Nisreen Hasib: But really, you know, it's here into, like the North Star that I had, or that I have, you know, for my company, and there are like a couple of really important things here. Number one, I want to build a company to massive scale.
Nisreen Hasib: but number 2 and more, and this is even more important. It is really important for me to create
Nisreen Hasib: a company that uses. That isn't the mechanism for ensuring. Yeah, as many people as possible have access to safe, secure, and beautiful buildings. That's really like the world that I'm moving toward, that I want to create.
Nisreen Hasib: And
Nisreen Hasib: as I went through the whole Jtvd process. The thing that became really, really clear to me is that my product was irrelevant.
Nisreen Hasib: But the stories that, like people were living and the problems they were experiencing, those those were not
Nisreen Hasib: and
Nisreen Hasib: helping to solve helping customers, helping users solve the problems in their lives. They're so many different combinations of like product and services that you can use.
Nisreen Hasib: but like figuring out, like the right combination that is repeatable and predictable over time, it really requires, you know, just like deep
Nisreen Hasib: empathy, and like willingness to listen to those those customers.
Nisreen Hasib: Alright. So I started by putting steak in the ground
and trying to figure out
Nisreen Hasib: what my presumptive customers were experiencing. So I started with my jobs to be done for homeowners.
Nisreen Hasib: So I believe I interviewed about 10 total help learners about the renovations that they did on their house.
Nisreen Hasib: So I found these homeowners on respondent I/O as well as through my network
Nisreen Hasib: and I think if you guys have gone through
Nisreen Hasib:  Neil's initial Ktb, talk you'll learn a lot about like the work that you do to like. Set up these interviews, and to, you know, conduct their interviews.
Nisreen Hasib: So I took about 2 h with each person. That I was interviewing.
Nisreen Hasib: and I'm a very obsessive person like extraordinarily obsessive. And so I would break down every single interview
Nisreen Hasib: like date, the interview time, because I wanted to see if responses were different. If I interviewed people like in the Am. Pm. etc.,
Nisreen Hasib: I had transcripts for every single thing, and then, like there were several other like key categories like that. I broke up
Nisreen Hasib: and broke out in my Jtb breakdown.
Nisreen Hasib: So I use all that information
Nisreen Hasib: to start to look for things, you know, across every single one of these users that I was talking with.
Nisreen Hasib: and
Nisreen Hasib: there were, you know, like certain things that started, you know, to pop out. And so I, like, you know, have just screenshot some of my my notes here.
Nisreen Hasib:  And one of the things that I like started to notice.
Nisreen Hasib: as you know, I was going through my interview transcripts, and, you know, like, you know, pulling out these details and laying them back to back with each other. I'll go back to this in a second. Is that all the people that I was talking to the the homeowners who are running the renovations.
Nisreen Hasib: you know for their house. They were all somehow the caretakers of their home.  yes, Neil.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: sorry. I just wanted to clarify one thing before you go deeper on this, which is, I think, some of the founders right now are currently struggling through the phase of finding the right people to talk to and actually messaging them to get them to talk to them.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So respondent. And your network any quick tips on how to overcome having
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like struggles with either getting people to say yes to the conversation, or what's he like? What tactics? Even our best in your experience?
Nisreen Hasib: Yeah. So I feel like I, you know. Candidly, I had an easier time than a lot of other folks, because, you know, I was looking for people who owned houses, and I was willing to pay them to talk with me about their renovation experience. And there are a lot of people, you know, who
Nisreen Hasib: who have that experience, and you know, like they're willing to sit down for $200,
Nisreen Hasib: you know, to do that. So
like
Nisreen Hasib: and then, you know again, with, like the general contractors, I knew there were like small business owners, and like, you know, the $200 like also mental pot.
Nisreen Hasib: That being said, you know, like, I think one of the other ways in which I saw you know people in my class be super successful, is like, just have them like, Be super honest and like, say, Hey, I'm thinking of. I'm in the middle of, like, you know, building a platform, a company that solves X problem. Here's why I care about it. And here's why I'm reaching out to you. And it's like a really personal appeal.
Nisreen Hasib:  and people are just like super, candid and and super honest. And you know, like I feel like.
Nisreen Hasib: you know, that was something that that helped, because.
Nisreen Hasib: you know, like I think at the end of the day, if you really care about what you're building like. That's that's gonna show. And people are going to want to engage.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Thank you. That was that was perfect. And just to double click on what you just said.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think the genuine ask is one of the best, and that's why I've never had to use platforms like respondents, because. I mean, personally speaking, that's what I've always done, and it resonates with a lot of people. So II couldn't agree more and just wanna underline what Missouri just said
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so hopefully that resonated with you all, and it makes sense. But thank you.
Nisreen Hasib: I know that there's something going on in the chat, but I actually can't open it right now.
Nisreen Hasib: Someone's asking if you paid each respondent $200. Yes.
I don't
Chloe Lannert: love it.
Nisreen Hasib: Anything else in the chat right now. For some reason I can't open it. I just want to make sure that's addressed. I'll I'll keep you posted on the
Chloe Lannert: that's it. For now.
Nisreen Hasib: sweet. Okay. So going back to these homeowners, I noticed that they were all caretakers right? Of that house in some capacity. So, you know, being a caretaker, that's that's just like a lot of responsibility. And you know, people were getting really amped up and emotional when they were talking through
Nisreen Hasib: like
Nisreen Hasib: what was going on in their lives. And I think one of the examples for me that still stands out with like, you know why this became such a salient marker is because I was talking with
Nisreen Hasib: a man who's a dad and at the very beginning of our interview he said, oh, I'm really budget conscious.
Nisreen Hasib: And I was just like, Okay, cool.
Nisreen Hasib: why don't you go ahead and like, just tell me the story of of your renovation. And so this guy he renovated his kitchen because his
Nisreen Hasib: oven broke, and I was just like, Oh, what happened like, you know? How'd your oven break so the oven broke, and he discovered it was broken while he was in the middle of hosting, like a back-to-school gathering, you know, for his daughters.
Nisreen Hasib:  you know, like in September.
Nisreen Hasib: and like one of the things he lingered on. He like bought the house because it had a pool and wanted to have. It's like kids have their like friends coming out with them.
Nisreen Hasib: And he also, you know, talk a lot about how like during the summers, his house is always the place where people like gather. and like. He was frustrated about the oven because he had everyone coming over, and he had to feed everyone and take care of them. And he, like specifically used the words, Take care.
Nisreen Hasib: And so I was just like, Okay, cool. So for your renovation, did you just replace the oven. which wouldn't have been like.
Nisreen Hasib: you know, $5,000 fix, because he said he wanted to like, have a nice oven.
Nisreen Hasib: and you're just like, Hmm, no. I decided that.
Nisreen Hasib: I looked until like just replacing the oven. And I was just like, Okay, alright, so like, tell me about your renovation. Any do. Long story short, this guy who describes himself is like super cost, conscious $125,000 on his kitchen renovation in order to get it to be like the place where people could like gather. And he could like take care of them.
Nisreen Hasib: And so I was just like.
Nisreen Hasib: yeah, are people driven by budget? Yes. but like they're driven by, you know, something deeper than that. They're driven by this responsibility that they feel towards taking care of their family and community.
Nisreen Hasib: and they're really into creating a space that allows them to do that.
Nisreen Hasib: So
Nisreen Hasib: when
Nisreen Hasib: I took all the data from the interviews that I did.
Nisreen Hasib: I overlay a whole bunch of things on each other and came up with this like combined timeline.
Nisreen Hasib: So there are 2 things that II pulled out of my timeline. The first was I wanted to understand the window of opportunity. I had to offer some sort of like solution
Nisreen Hasib: to the people who are on this renovation journey to the homeowners who are on the renovation journey. And then I wanted to like capture, however, and perfectly, you know, like what job I thought we were helping them to do
Nisreen Hasib: so. The job statement that I came up with and this has changed over time. But at that point in my research it was when I invest my money and time into a renovation. It is because I need my house to see the functional requirements of
Nisreen Hasib: my to serve the functional requirements of myself and my family members.
Nisreen Hasib: as individuals and as a group. And because I want my house to reflect the aesthetic preferences of me and my family, so I can be confident I have provided for my family's previously unmet needs, and I'm able to nurture and care for my family in a beautiful haven.
Nisreen Hasib: So these are like the things that we're jumping out to be
Nisreen Hasib: so like big things for homeowners their time, because if they're the person who's responsible for their family, they don't have a lot of it. They feel huge amount of responsibility.
Nisreen Hasib: and because they're in the process of taking care of so many people, it was really important for them to have their home be a haven. So the reason why this was important is because the other thing that popped out is the people who have good relationships with their contractors
Nisreen Hasib: felt as if their contractors understood all those things like instances in which, you know people displayed residents with their contractors is when they were just like Oh, the contractor really respected my time. Oh, the contractor also had kids like there was a way in which that contractor was able to relate.
Nisreen Hasib: And that relationship on a personal level between a homeowner and contractor, a lot allowed for a lot more give in that relationship such that even if there were significant changes in question and timeline
Nisreen Hasib: always a lot more easily, you know, forgiven, because there was a sense that the contractor understood the homeowner's place as a caretaker of the family.
Nisreen Hasib: And so what these contractors were doing right was, you know, kind of instinctively demonstrating that they understood the vision that the homeowners had, you know, for
Nisreen Hasib: their home.
Nisreen Hasib: And you know, like, what's interesting is that even when I think about you know my own renovation, you know, like, when I started renovating houses from like the house I lived in. It was really important for me to create like
Nisreen Hasib: that haven.
Nisreen Hasib: And I actually now remember getting really ticked at my contractor when he seemed to be like really dismissive of.
Nisreen Hasib: you know, like
Nisreen Hasib: my ability to take care, you know, like up the budget and timeline, because I was heading, you know that up, for, like my family unit that was going to live in that that house.
Nisreen Hasib: So it was interesting to see how that resonated with me as well.
Nisreen Hasib: Alright, so I did not just do these interviews with
Nisreen Hasib: homeowners. The next group that I interviewed were general contractors.
Nisreen Hasib: and, you know, like, went through a similar process to like draw out the job statement for them as well as like the windows of opportunity
Nisreen Hasib: I'm not going to get into, you know all of that. But eventually I got to a place where, you know, I became pretty clear
Nisreen Hasib: that one the thing that I could help people
Nisreen Hasib: do and like make progress with is match. Their project needs
Nisreen Hasib: with the right
Nisreen Hasib: doer, the right builder for
Nisreen Hasib: their renovation or new build.
Nisreen Hasib: But then and this is like, you know. when I add in the copy out like Ktb, it's a really great fit framework. It's really, you know, great, for like getting to
Nisreen Hasib: a baseline and like a foundation. But then, you know, kind of like looking at things from a more strategic perspective.
Nisreen Hasib: one of the things that jumped out to me with like homeowners. They renovate once every decade. If we're talking about, you know things from a business perspective
Nisreen Hasib: not great, like, you know, because I that means I have a whole 10 year period in which I'm trying to identify the point at which people are going to renovate their houses, and that I have to feel like the solution, like, you know, there were like too many variables I could not control.
Nisreen Hasib: And so the question like that emerged for me was like, alright. I know the problem. I have a hypothesized solution.
Nisreen Hasib: But like, there's this question of distribution because I don't think distributing to homeowners directly makes the most sense because of a lack of, you know. Repeatability. And you know, like again, there are like so many roadblocks to like getting them at that exact moment to like, you know where they are.
So
Nisreen Hasib: after interviewing those first 2 groups, homeowners and the general contractors, I started thinking he had a third group interior designers, because.
Nisreen Hasib: again, like the key thing that jumped out at me from the homeowner interviews, was this question of like vision, and designers are stewards of, you know, renovation vision. But more than that, it's their job. And so they're not doing renovations once every decade. They're doing 12 to 15 renovations per year.
Nisreen Hasib: and then, after digging into like the designers
Nisreen Hasib: also, you know, realize that architects serve that same role as the stewards of a renovation vision
and for architects.
Nisreen Hasib: One of the great things is that they're actually legally liable for any general contractor. Recommendations they make for a renovation. If that contractor makes a misstep. So that group became super interesting to me.
Nisreen Hasib: But like with every single group of folks that is adding to this storyline for every group of characters.
Nisreen Hasib: I was using Jtb. To really unspool the stories for every group
Nisreen Hasib: to understand 2 things.
Nisreen Hasib: How do these characters intersect with each other?
Nisreen Hasib: how do they?
Nisreen Hasib: You know? How's the friction between these 2 groups of people? And then how do they work together to move from point A to Point B.
Nisreen Hasib: And also, you know, like, how did their individual storylines bring up different things that they might need help with?
Nisreen Hasib: So though those those were always things that were super top of mind for me.
Nisreen Hasib: So in September
Nisreen Hasib: of 2023, so this was 3 months after tech stores ended. I relaunch the the platform
Nisreen Hasib: and the relaunch
Nisreen Hasib: of Signoc. Very much
Nisreen Hasib: is what I said at the beginning. Of this presentation.
Nisreen Hasib: At sign off, we match architects with the labor that they need to execute on client projects.
Nisreen Hasib: So that messaging and that positioning very much, you know, came out of that Jt Jtb work that I did, because, in addition to spending
Nisreen Hasib: June through
Nisreen Hasib: August rebuilding the platform. The other thing that I was doing was.
Nisreen Hasib: you know, testing
Nisreen Hasib: these like lines, these hypotheses that I came up with during tech stars, with architects, with designers and refining. You know my ask, and like my positioning every single time.
Nisreen Hasib: so that when the platform eventually was ready for relaunch. I was able to go into September, gather a group of these designers and architects.
Nisreen Hasib: and be really clear on the value proposition that I had, you know, for them. and also I was able to onboard general contractors.
Nisreen Hasib: By being really clear with the value prop that I would be able to deliver, you know, for them.
Nisreen Hasib: so that once we relaunched
Nisreen Hasib: in 24 h, we have, like the first 16 projects, get onto the platform at about just over 2.5 million dollars.
Nisreen Hasib: Which was like just a major win for us because the year before, like I said, in February 2,023
Nisreen Hasib: so sign off and made a grant of of a hundred $10 per month
Nisreen Hasib: under our new business model sign-off makes 2% of the total project value of all projects that are on through the platform.
Nisreen Hasib: So immediately. And we were looking at, you know, pipeline of a minimum of 50
Nisreen Hasib: $1,000, which was significantly higher than anything that was coming through the pipeline before going through all that work.
Nisreen Hasib: So the journey does not end there, because, like launch is a launch, it is a day, and then you have to continue to build that pipeline and then continue to like work to get deals to close. So
Nisreen Hasib: it was great. Top of funnel was coming in, contracts were coming in.
Nisreen Hasib: The value prop was resident with people.
Nisreen Hasib: but again like stories. Don't don't end there.
Nisreen Hasib: Now. People were like moving through the process that we created at sign off
Nisreen Hasib: and starting to get their projects bid on by sign off contractors. and you know, like, because we launched in September a lot of these projects started
Nisreen Hasib: to either go to war or loss in November
Nisreen Hasib: and in November
Nisreen Hasib: I remember getting this email from an architect I had been super excited to work with, and I was so confident we were going to win for business. And then I got like the email, like 0% of humans, wanna get, which was like, Hey, do you have time for a quick call. And you like know that that quick call is not gonna be anything you wanna hear
Nisreen Hasib:  during that call with the architect, you know. She talked about how, you know, like the general contractor was bought, and she was bought in as like the architect.
Nisreen Hasib: But then she brought up something that had been a major oversight for me, because I hoped that by building sign off to be A. B 2 platform where only architects and general contractors could use it. I could kind of sidestep like a lot of waffling
Nisreen Hasib: like that. Homeowners do. Home owners control the purse strings or the purse strings. and
Nisreen Hasib: you know, like I kind of counted on the architect being able to talk the homeowner
Nisreen Hasib: into like using a sign off contractor when
Nisreen Hasib: there were a couple of like things that happened. The first was that, you know, like, I thought our average project was going to be like 175 to $250,000. Average project ended up is closer to
Nisreen Hasib: are the medium project on sign off. It's between 600,000 to 1 million dollars, which is a lot of money for a homeowner, right? Like, if you're looking down a contract that's a million dollars as a homeowner, you're gonna have a lot of questions, and there needs to be like a lot of reassurance there. I wasn't providing that reassurance, and because of that, because we weren't providing that on our platform
Nisreen Hasib: we like lost 3 deals.
Nisreen Hasib: and I was pissed because I hate it
Nisreen Hasib: so. I knew the importance of continuing to dig into that story. So with every single deal that I had, I would break down the timeline
Nisreen Hasib: of events, you know, from beginning to end, whether it was a win or a loss.
Nisreen Hasib: And I would use that again to continue to like, refine
Nisreen Hasib: the ways in which we talk to people identified weak points in the timeline when we like, needed to reach out to different
Nisreen Hasib: people, whether that was like the general contractor or the architect, and like now the homeowner.
Nisreen Hasib: So again make this as predictable and repeatable as possible.
Nisreen Hasib: So then, after you know, like November, we went into a holiday, so it was slower.
Nisreen Hasib: and then, like Q. One of this year, sign off officially became
Nisreen Hasib: revenue, generating which was super super exciting.
Nisreen Hasib:  so as of like February 20. First
we're generating revenue
Nisreen Hasib: and the average
Nisreen Hasib: money brought in per deal. Is up from the hypothesis. Size $3,500 per deal to actually $10,000 per deal with what is in the pipeline now, and I have a lot more confidence in our ability to like carry things over to close. So our win rate
Nisreen Hasib: is
Nisreen Hasib: going from 33%, which was like, not too bad. To about 50% and it's significantly better than you know, like what I had prior to
Nisreen Hasib: try to text stars where I was looking at deals that were like $1,000 for like the whole year. You know, like 10,000 versus like 1,000, significantly like better.
Nisreen Hasib: So this is just like a breakdown. At the last deal.
Nisreen Hasib: That we won again, like the thing I want to emphasize is that it is so important to keep digging into these stories again and again and again and again to like, just get really clear on the path that, like people take to use your product.
Nisreen Hasib: So for for next steps,
you know, like
Nisreen Hasib: there are certain
Nisreen Hasib: revenue goals and like user goals, and calendar fuels that that sign off has so in terms of you know, like what those goals are sign off currently operates in New York City, and the surrounding area.
Nisreen Hasib: in Q. 3, the plan is to expand to Los Angeles because
New York architects do a lot of work in LA. And La is the second biggest free model market.
Nisreen Hasib: But in addition to that. The goal is to get 200 architects on boarded onto the sign off platform and to win 200 projects. Which would carry us to our
Nisreen Hasib: revenue goals for the end of the year.
Nisreen Hasib: But it's part of that process. It's part of getting more and more architects onto the platforms.
Nisreen Hasib: We're moving from, you know, reaching out to individual firms to actually enter partnerships with entities like the American Institute for Architects, as well as organizations for owners reps. And the ability to like really go into those organizations with a really clear ask and really clear and a lot of clarity around, like the value we're able to to deliver for people is something that's going to allow us to really leverage those those relationships in order to bring on more users
perfect.
Nisreen Hasib: So this can do quick. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: without a question. Chat.
Chloe Lannert: people would love to know, what you did to give people reassurance that they needed to get you to the 50 closing rate.
Nisreen Hasib: Yeah, so you know, like, the
Nisreen Hasib: thing the first thing we did was,
Nisreen Hasib: is not anything technical. We told architects show your show the sign off profiles of general contractors to your homeowners.
Nisreen Hasib: because the thing that would happen, and this is very consistent with projects that had budgets between 900,000 to 1.2 1 million dollars. The homeowners would get like the bid from the contractors scroll down to the last page, and then like, see the final number without like seeing the entire breakdown which is super important. So if, like, there's one the
Nisreen Hasib: project by self architecture. The bid was 1 million dollars. The homeowner
Nisreen Hasib: freaked out and wanted to hire someone who said they could do it for 750.
Nisreen Hasib: Okay.
Nisreen Hasib: And
Nisreen Hasib: that
Nisreen Hasib: project has not gone well, and, like the homeowner, actually said, they wish they went with the sign off contractor.
Nisreen Hasib: But the thing I told architects to like do is to actually show their home runners the profiles of the sign off contractors anytime like, the homeowner said like, oh, like so and so who from my presence cabinet can do it cheaper?
Nisreen Hasib: The architect would be like, Okay, cool. Do you have, like the license, information, or insurance information also sign off, did like a background check on all of them and verify. They've been no lost since no bankruptcy, etc. Can you pull all this information? And then the homeowner would be like, oh, I didn't even like think about all those things. Oh, I don't have time
to like.
Nisreen Hasib: Go do all the things alright. If I'm gonna spend a million dollars like it is easier for me to like do this, knowing everyone to the background, check
Nisreen Hasib: versus me, using, like the person who like cabinets, so that, like step.
Nisreen Hasib: like giving the homeowners more information.
Nisreen Hasib: giving them the reassurance that, like, you know, there
Nisreen Hasib: have been background checks and there up, and that they're about to spend a million dollars responsibly. That was like one of the non pro like we didn't build anything new like, you know, we didn't even come up with a new marketing campaign, which is like, just show them what already exists. And like, make sure that's like the case. And so then, like the more scalable printed update was like in the emails, I go out to architects like when they are match. There's a line, and then it says, review contractor profiles with home owner like.
Nisreen Hasib: so that they go through. All of them.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So just making sure your value is fully visible to everyone involved like that, that's perfect. Another one. Which kind of overlaps. What was the adjustment you made just after November? Based on the insights gathered? Was there anything else like? What triggered that decision to start showing the homeowner pro or the contractor profiles what was like the moment there that made you think of that idea versus anything else with the marketing.
Nisreen Hasib: Yeah. So it was breaking down the timelines, cause I saw that, like the other 2 deals that were like lost broke down at the exact same timeline. And I just like, Okay, alright, once it's maybe I should pay attention twice is like, Okay, we should pay attention then 3 times. That's like, I'm not losing a fourth time like no, not acceptable.
Chloe Lannert: That's awesome. Thank you.
Nisreen Hasib: Cool, awesome. So just high level. Take ways and happy to answer any other questions. There's no silver bullet.
Nisreen Hasib: you know. Jtp. Is a very good framework. It's not a perfect framework.
Nisreen Hasib: But it is a thing that I use to, you know. Put a steak and in the ground, and.
Nisreen Hasib: you know, like the work doesn't stop after you like laid a foundation like you need to go back into those timelines, go back into the stories and like, see how things
Nisreen Hasib: change and shift and then like. Determine whether or not you and your team and your product are going to change and shift in the same way, and have like an response, for you know why you do or do not.
Nisreen Hasib: and then Don't have any for syndrome
like It's usually not scalable.
that is it
Chloe Lannert: awesome? Thank you so much.
Chloe Lannert: Alright, have any questions at the moment
Valeria Brenner: have a question, but it's more so, just like a comment of like how your presentation left an impact on me. I love the idea of breaking it down into a timeline, which I know is just like the jobs in order, but just having it phrased that way like shifted my mindset on it, and it it was really cool. Thank you for that.
Nisreen Hasib: You're welcome. That is how my brain works.
Nisreen Hasib: yeah, I I like to look at testing of them. I'm a very visual person, and so like the timeline very much helped me.
Chloe Lannert: We've got one from Nelson in the chat. He's curious how you kept the lights on while pivoting, if you're comfortable sharing.
Yeah. So you know, Tedsters came along at the right time, and the advantage of being a solo founder is like
Nisreen Hasib: there was no one but me. And so, you know, it was like the Texas investment. That helped keep things afloat.
Nisreen Hasib: During that
Chloe Lannert: awesome Kelvin.
Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: Yeah, thank you very much, Nizrin, for the excellent presentation my question is regarding one of the issues you mentioned you had in the beginning, which was the silver cycle being very long. I wanted to know if there was anything you did to shorten that cycle, or
Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: maybe by increasing the amount of money coming in that cycle. It was what it despite the long duration. Was there anything you need to shorten the cycle.
Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: For yourself and for Simon.
Nisreen Hasib: Yeah. So
Nisreen Hasib: with the very, very first product, I tried to shorten the cycle.
Nisreen Hasib: I don't even. I don't remember like the different ways. But
Nisreen Hasib: one of the things that was frustrating is that like the duration of the cycle, was so out of my control, because I was waiting on general contractors to get back to me.
Nisreen Hasib: And like, you know, I think if you work as a startup or in tech, you check your email.
Nisreen Hasib: or I'm just gonna out myself. I check my email like at least every 20 min, if not more right? I'm responding to like, you know, things like day up, or, you know, otherwise, like they're getting. But like, I have a whole system for my communications.
Nisreen Hasib: That system doesn't exist for, like general contractors. So even if they were excited. there were some people that check their email twice a week.
Nisreen Hasib: or, like. you know.
Nisreen Hasib: I would call their assistant like they would not get back to me. so I just like alright. It's really hard for me to like control the duration of the cycle.
Nisreen Hasib: and it's like, seems like it is naturally landing in about like 45 days.
Nisreen Hasib: The numbers do not justify this like cause. I modeled out, you know, like hiring a salesperson. What does that look like in terms of like comp and like what that person's like able to produce? I was just like the numbers
Nisreen Hasib: like the math is not mapping, so
we gotta take some money.
Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: Thank you very much.
Chloe Lannert: That's awesome, Duane.
Dùane | DubPrime: I just wanted to thank you for giving me an unlock to think about the jobs we've done with people being driven by a sense of responsibility towards the family community like that was a big way to reframe for B Twob reframe. How people think of things in terms of the greater organizational context. When we're having someone trying to hire a job. I'm willing to do the job in a group of contacts. You talk about the person trying to remove all their home for their family and guests, but
Dùane | DubPrime: it really, I think
Dùane | DubPrime: that was a big takeaway for me. So I really wanna thank you for that framing. It was awesome.
Nisreen Hasib: You are welcome.
Chloe Lannert: I've got one more thing I'd love for you to expand on kind of backing up to Nelson's question about staying lean I love that. You talk about using the dumbest possible solution? Do you have any
Chloe Lannert: tips on how to sort of stay, lean and avoid an over engineering while people are still figuring out their customers and their problems.
Nisreen Hasib: Yeah, one of the great things that exists now it should not exist. When you know, I started my very first company, like
Nisreen Hasib: 8 years ago, the proliferation of like low-cost tools. if you're a not technical founder, and you're like as a product manager is like technical enough.
Nisreen Hasib:  build dumb solutions like using those tools like use. Google, like
Nisreen Hasib: Google sheets is actually a lot more useful than I want to get Google credit for but it's like, for example, stitch fix, which is now, I think, like they're now public company.
Nisreen Hasib: I know that the founder ran that business on Google sheets for like the first year to revenue of a million dollars like didn't build a product like.
Nisreen Hasib: So
you know, like
Nisreen Hasib: product doesn't matter, and I love like beautiful product. Don't get me wrong, but it doesn't matter, cause you might have to throw it away. So like.
Nisreen Hasib: you know, if you are matching service right? Which is what sign off solution is.
Nisreen Hasib: Yeah, it sounds great, you know, like for that initial bill, it's just like.
Nisreen Hasib: get to like.
Nisreen Hasib: Just be the person like as a CEO, like founder, like the steward of the budget, who is literally annoying people by asking like, Do we have to build it.
Nisreen Hasib: Does something exist already like. be like that annoying person?
Great!
Chloe Lannert: That's awesome. Thanks so much.
Chloe Lannert:  Dotan.
Dotan Shalev/Lexir: yeah, thanks. Just a quick question. Thank you for for the presentation and the screen. It was super interesting. I was wondering.
Dotan Shalev/Lexir: after you've done the job to be done, and and sort of patterns emerge.
Dotan Shalev/Lexir: How did you find the in practice of changing things on your side was based on the patterns you've seen emerging because I feel like one challenge is seeing the patterns. But another challenge is sort of acting on the patterns that you see, and then prioritizing why to change and and how to change it. So just wondering if I know I know it's sort of an open question, but wondering what the experience was like for you and if you can get in beat into details to sort of how long certain changes you've made took.
Nisreen Hasib: Yeah? So
Nisreen Hasib: I'll definitely answer that question in the context is that sign-off was super young. So there wasn't like that much.
Nisreen Hasib: you know. Infrastructure to like. It was easy to throw things away without like ruining things. And that's not gonna be the case for everyone. So I like, just want to get that context. So that meant that, you know, like when I had the insights from J, the jobs to be done, I was able to
Nisreen Hasib: essentially aren't making some of those changes within like 2 weeks.
Nisreen Hasib: Because again, I have no co-founder like and at that time, like I've done
Nisreen Hasib: to build myself so like I didn't have an engineer who's gonna get really pissed off at me for like throwing things out like
Nisreen Hasib: If your company is more mature.
Nisreen Hasib: like, you are going to have to be more thoughtful strategic about, you know, like how to how to do it right?
Nisreen Hasib: Because you might have customers already. So one of the decisions you might have to make, which I didn't have to make is.
Nisreen Hasib: you know, are we going to stop surveying or
Nisreen Hasib: significantly reduce the services we have for, like one group of customers in order to place the bet on the new product service, or like change for potentially like new group of of customers that is going to be something that like should not necessarily, like, you know, be done in like one to 2 weeks that's going to require, you know, like a lot more thought and care.
Nisreen Hasib: So it is going to be so stage dependent for your company.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome. Thank you so much. If we don't have any other questions at the moment. I will stop the recording.